The UC (DCD MTEC4288/0407G0-CHP fm) is a central control unit that can be used with different types of marking heads for various applications. The following text describes the features and options of the UC and its compatible marking heads.  2.6) List of the options and accessories available on request  Depending on the type of marking head and the customer's needs, the UC can be equipped with different options and accessories. These include:  - Power supply: The UC can operate with different power supply options depending on the marking head. For machines with a scribing or pneumatic stylus, the power supply options are:   - 115/24V or 230/24V electric supply. This option provides a direct connection to the mains voltage and converts it to 24V for the marking head.   - 230 V AC / 24 V AC, (CE or UK plug). This option provides an alternating current (AC) power supply for both the UC and the marking head. The plug type can be either CE (European standard) or UK (British standard). For machines with an electromagnetic stylus, the power supply options are the same as above.  - Rack-mount front panel for mounting in a cabinet. This option allows the UC to be installed in a standard 19-inch rack cabinet for better protection and integration.  - RS232 cord, to use the T101W marking program with Windows. This option enables the communication between the UC and a PC running Windows operating system. The T101W marking program allows the user to create and edit marking files, as well as to control the marking process from the PC.  - DATAMATRIX marking ( not available with all the marking heads). This option enables the UC to generate and mark DATAMATRIX codes, which are two-dimensional barcodes that can store large amounts of data. The availability of this option depends on the type and size of the marking head.  2.7) Overview of the Central Control Unit  The UC is composed of several components that provide its functionality and interface. These include:  - Integrated LCD screen. This component displays the information and menus related to the marking process, such as the marking file name, parameters, status, etc.  - Keyboard 105 keys AT. This component allows the user to input data and commands to the UC, such as creating and editing marking files, selecting options, etc.  - 6 In / 2 Out RS232 and communication interface. This component provides the input/output ports for connecting external devices to the UC, such as a PC, a footswitch, a sensor, etc. The RS232 port is used for serial communication with a PC running Windows and the T101W marking program. The communication interface is used for parallel communication with other devices using a Sub-D25F connector.  - 24 V DC or 24 V AC electricity supply (according to marking head). This component provides the power supply for the UC and the marking head. The type of power supply depends on the type of marking head and can be either direct current (DC) or alternating current (AC).  - Bench top version to put on a bench or to set 2 feet to screw in an electrical cabinet. This component provides the option to place the UC on a flat surface such as a bench or a table, or to mount it in an electrical cabinet using two screws.  - 2 square tabs to screw. This component provides another option to mount the UC in an electrical cabinet using two square tabs.  The following diagram shows the connections between the UC and its compatible marking heads:  Mind Map Title 25/02/02 - v1 UC112 specifications 30/05/02  Head CM400 CN410 CN212C CN312S CN312C  Pneumatic Scribing Scribing Pneumatic Micropercussion micropercussion Electromagnetic micropercussion Electromagnetic  With protective bellow Without protective bellow  M0C M1C M0C M1C  19" 4U rack (kit) T101W Standard marking software TW02 Backup of files between UC112 & PC RS232 cord Datamatrix marking (available according to the marking head) UC112 control panel with buttons UC112 special industrial guarded footswitch UC112 standard footswitch  3 pin M for 24 VDC 4 pin M for 24 VAC (DIN )  24 V power supply  SubD9M (RS232) SubD25F (communication interface terminal)  Keyboard (105 keys AT) Mini-Din 6 pin  Harting  Sub-D25F  Options
 
**Download ✅ [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbyltly.com%2F2uyAJk&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw27HE6FMp9kFIftUJ2z-E7-](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fbyltly.com%2F2uyAJk&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw27HE6FMp9kFIftUJ2z-E7-)**


 8cf37b1e13
 
